gna the newest champion of
right-clicker and much more
is in the air another weekly summary the voice
And then I miss the summary because it's
It's taken but we're back then
beginning this week haiti launched a
video and some images and everyone already
speculated that it was a new champion era
Obvious and that's what happened.
is now available on bp is the new
champion than in the worst of the historic building
time passes for everyone to deceive
not born women and in is the worst of
captured and trapped on ice
true thus literally
frozen in time civilizations
they rose and fell as an organ
prehistoric times looked vaguely more
nothing even the real ice
confine yaw forever
after freeing himself from Navarre
land until they are welcomed by their
descendants and organs but they
soon discovered that there is a beast by
behind the boy and as usual
it came along with a corner that
calls the title he gives is that when he
is shaped me indignation has few
changes
but when it turns into berg da
talk the changes
it has its totally altered look
that it appeared that he hurls a
piece of building
the 'recall' he had changes in his
two ways
When he is in mining he returns to
playing base with blocks and when it is
in mega guinar he knocked the
helicopter two voices that arrived to
complement a line that we have already
knows the sport of arcade and right
that I'm strong as an archivist
changes in everything in your visual all
her skills and do not call her where she
fight with tank-like game
ranking
that I had changes in your
visual ability and you the 'recall' that
the combative fury, integral sirens of the
bind his shoulder and his sword is
electrocuted when returning to
base search drones seems to surround her
Besides the new rich of forming
team was found in the archives of the
play the icon that seems to be
related to new ones that should future
who will buy new ones who will
winning icon also has one more
reason to buy her and was
now definitely updated the new
pet and a new client I've already tested
I liked it very much and with quite elegant
versatile constran vicky movie promotions
and news in a way that's better than
note
the store is still the same shit and that was
the weekly summary
Lets me I liked that it is very
important for feedback and is what
motivates you to continue to make more
sign up for the channel
if you have not yet registered for
receive all videos
Thank you for watching and watching.
the channel is okay